Uses `torch.einsum` for  quat_rotate and quat_rotate_inverse operations (#900)
isaac-sim/IsaacLab: source/extensions/omni.isaac.lab/docs/CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
---------

0.22.3 (2024-08-30)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Changed
^^^^^^^

> * Uses :meth:`torch.einsum` for :meth:`quat_rotate` and :meth:`quat_rotate_inverse` operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Modified:meth:`quat_rotate` and :meth:`quat_rotate_inverse` operations to use :meth:`torch.einsum` for batch processing.
```
